# Writing Documents for NW.js {: .doctitle}

[TOC]

## Read Before Writing New Document

!!! important
    Github provides nice representation of Markdown online with its own syntax GFM (Github Flavored Markdown). And many of the developers are reading documents directly on GitHub. To enable the best documentation of NW.js for any developers, **make sure the document is readable on GitHub before submitting your PR**.

    The documentation site of NW.js is generated by [MkDocs](http://www.mkdocs.org/) which supports a slightly different Markdown syntax than GFM. So the page may be broken on GitHub while works under MkDocs, or vice versa.

    A bad example is not having `.md` suffix in internal links, like `[Build NW.js](Build NW.js)`. On GitHub, the link is broken because the file `Build NW.js` without `.md` does not exist. Always add `.md` suffix to your internal links.

## View the Document Offline
To view the well-formatted documents on your own laptop, you need [Python](https://www.python.org/) and install following dependencies:
```bash
pip install mkdocs pygments pymdown-extensions
```
Run following commands in the root of NW.js repo:
```bash
mkdocs serve
```
Then open your browser and navigate to http://localhost:8000/ .

## Template for API Reference Page

Here is a minimal template for writing a page for NW.js API reference:
````markdown
# Module Name {: .doctitle}

---

!!! important "Available"
    Since x.y.z

[TOC]

Describe the usage and other details of the module here.

## Module.method(arg1, arg2)

!!! important "Available"
    Since x.y.z

* `arg1` `{String}` description of `arg1`
* `arg2` `{Object}` description of `arg2`
  * `isSet` `{Boolean}` description of the field
* Returns `{Type}` description of the return value

Details about the the method.

```javascript
// example code here
var ret = Module.method('hello', {isSet: false});
```
````

* **[MUST]** use `#` for page title and `##` or `###` headers for sections. **DO NOT** use `=======` or `-------`.
* **[MUST]** add `{: .doctitle}` right to the page title. This is the CSS class name for the document title.
* **[MUST]** add a horizontal ruler with `---` after the page title.
* **[MUST]** use `!!! important "Available"` admonition for the initial NW.js version that supports this feature. And use `!!! warning "Deprecated"` for deprecated features. See [reStructuredText Directives Admonitions](http://docutils.sourceforge.net/docs/ref/rst/directives.html#specific-admonitions) for full list of supported admonitions.
* **[MUST]** add a `[TOC]` after the version info.
* **[MUST]** quote any argument / variable / class with a back tick (`` ` ``) in the document unless it's in the headers.
* **[MUST]** specify the language for the code blocks.

## Markdown Extensions
Currently the documentation site of NW.js enables following extensions for generating documents. See `mkdocs.yml` in the root for detailed configuration.

* markdown.extensions.toc
* markdown.extensions.admonition
* markdown.extensions.smarty
* markdown.extensions.nl2br
* markdown.extensions.codehilite
* pymdownx.extra
* pymdownx.inlinehilite
* pymdownx.magiclink
* pymdownx.tilde
* pymdownx.caret
* pymdownx.smartsymbols
* pymdownx.githubemoji
* pymdownx.tasklist
* pymdownx.progressbar
* pymdownx.headeranchor
* pymdownx.arithmatex
* pymdownx.mark
* pymdownx.critic


